Patch 389 (#411)
aquasecurity/cloud-security-remediation-guides: en/aws/ec2/open-dns.md

| **Recommended Action** | Restrict TCP and UDP port 53 to known IP addresses |

## Detailed Remediation Steps
1. Log in to the AWS Management Console.
2. Select the "Services" option and search for EC2. </br> <img src="/resources/aws/ec2/open-dns/step2.png"/>
3. Scroll down the left navigation panel and choose "Security Group" under "Network & Security".</br> <img src="/resources/aws/ec2/open-dns/step3.png"/>
4. Select the "EC2 Security Group" that needs to be verified. </br> <img src="/resources/aws/ec2/open-dns/step4.png"/>
5. Scroll down the bottom panel and choose "Inbound rules". Verify the value for "Source" column for "DNS(UDP)" or "DNS(TCP)" under "Type" and if any rule have value set to "0.0.0.0/0" or "::/0 " then the selected "Security Group" has "TCP/UDP" port 53 for "DNS" open to the public.</br> <img src="/resources/aws/ec2/open-dns/step5.png"/>
6. Repeat steps number 2 - 5 to verify other "Security Groups" in the selected AWS region.</br> 

> 7. Navigate to "Security Groups" under "Network & Security" and select the "Security Group" that needs to modify to restrict the access of "TCP/UDP" port 53 for "DNS"  to specific ip address. </br> <img src="/resources/aws/ec2/open-dns/step7.png"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Navigate to "Security Groups" under "Network & Security" and select the "Security Group" that needs to be modified to restrict the access of "TCP/UDP" port 53 for "DNS"  to specific IP address. </br> <img src="/resources/aws/ec2/open-dns/step7.png"/>
```
